to see is already recording now is already
for hello joker friends and today they
I want to teach how to solve an error
of minecraft good the mistake is success
of -1 and this error happens when
format your pc and when you do that all
your drivers are deleted and that's why the
success error of -1
I'll wait for it to open itself in kraft
two
fucking mother does not open this crap
that's right but it happens with all the lakers
of minecraft so do not believe that just
with them phoenix what happens with
everyone
so
well in this part it comes out that my black
had an error maybe the success of less
once I will give you a demonstration to
to see that I do not get the error
well this error happens in any
windows is my case I have 8.1
here
all right
well over here where it says you can
close the window below terror goes out
success of minus 1
I think it comes from this part but I do not know
because it happened to me once but
the solution in equipment
close the master to help the
tutorial on how to fix it
how they saw me and what happens is the
good problem first they're going to get it
leave in the description of the slut video
mother with the backmost point
will not let me continue with the tutor
ah
Oh
and forward with a fuck
shit because the grandstand was not closed
continue click here
Green will give a page to download
this program that will solve all
our little friends give you problems click
where he says luján but I do not
I'm discharging because I do not have to remove
after downloading they detected it
file that is the installer of the
Program
the light
see see wait for us
will close here we select our
language
xd
ready once it was opened we give it
click where it says yes it accepted
following
good here to install a browser
but I do not want it so I give it to
customize the smart cotton
once it is installed it will be opened
this program we wait for it to load
everyone
we click where it says card
graphic to download the driver
possible
yes
Y
and ready once in here we give
Just click on where it says User Brega
so I clarify that not at first or
the first free can work if not
works with the first download in the
second or try the other until it
install correctly
two
and already friends the router and that was all
very easy to rne share the video to
that more people solutions but if you can
keep playing subscribe and unveil and
well I created a facebook page
There I sucre everything I do in my account
of youtube and that was all for friends
we do not see years